# RegistrarToken ERC-20 Compatible Contract

A set of ERC-20 compatible tokens can be created for each new domain using the RegistrarToken contract. The ERC-20 compatible tokens are then used to establish value within that domain. This means that owners of the ERC-20 compatible tokens may have the ability to create a subdomain by burning some amount of their tokens if the parent has that functionality enabled.

The system starts with a root domain that is owned by the Butterfly Protocol itself. Top level domains \(TLD\) are created from there by burning root ERC-20 compatible tokens. The ERC-20 compatible tokens for the TLD are then auctioned off to anyone that wants the ability to create subdomains under the TLD. This is essentially the same as creating a subdomain in a traditional DNS system, with a fundamental difference being that multiple parties that own the parent domain's ERC-20 compatible tokens can create subdomains even though the parent domain has a single owner. This parent/child relationship continues downward indefinitely. For example, a subdomain called "company1" could be created under the parent domain "software" which in turn has a parent TLD "business", representing a fully qualified name of "company1.software. business", which could be used in the Butterfly browser extension and other supported clients to reach the "company1" website.

Each domain points to a data store to hold information about that domain. Initially, the most common type of data will be ipv4 and ipv6 values for the domain, to point at the website for that domain. These IP address values may never be updated after domain creation, or they might be updated daily to get around continual IP blocking from a government that is censoring the website. Any type of data can be stored for a domain; another example is a pointer to an IPFS folder containing HTML and javascript files. This would allow the decentralized web name system to fetch static website content and render it without going to any centralized web server.

