# Solution

In these highly-technological times, it must come to a surprise how poorly domain names are utilized, as in that they are used solely for accessing online website pages. Butterfly aims to advance in this area much more, with a technological solution, which will liberate how Internet users interact socially and financially online. 

Butterfly’s vision is to establish a new era in domain name creation and ownership with the end goal being to create the future of the decentralized Internet for online users. Today websites are constantly being blocked by hostile state actors; with Butterfly your name lives on the blockchain forever and can't be taken down. The Butterfly Protocol takes control back from centralized authorities and gives it to the people who own the names. When someone acquires a domain name within the Butterfly Protocol, they own it forever.

With a blockchain-based DNS, registry operators will have flexibility and will get more opportunities when they obtain domain names. It will enable them to tailor a name to their specific niche. 

Butterfly has developed a browser extension that eliminates any accessibility and censorship issues. As soon as an Internet user uses the extenstion, they will be able to access any online content they wish to engage free of censorship. This means that publishers are free to produce all kinds of content, which will likely increase their audience and bring them a bigger revenue stream. Butterfly Protocol content creators will not be restricted by censorship and their users will be able to always access quality content through the web-browsing extension. 

Butterfly enables individuals to execute a single transaction and own their domain name forever, free of future payments, which are currently standard, as simple as that. Once a domain name is created and acquired, the initial registrar is its sole owner. This in itself is a major breakthrough in how domain name ownership works. Butterfly has also developed an inherent ecosystem with a native cryptocurrency token, which allows users to create, sponsor, and execute domain names and their creation – this will be covered further and in more detail in this documents. 

Furthermore, with Butterfly the network allows for highly-personalized domain names and extensions. As per the previous example, one would be able to acquire “companyidentity.carrentals”, thus enabling them to present their own personal brand in the most accurate way. This is made possible through the Governance Smart contract which is detailed later in this paper. 

Butterfly has developed an intricate ecosystem which brings immense freedom to the domain name registration industry. Any holder of the native Butterfly token will be able to sponsor new top level domain creation and initiate auctions for highly sought-after names. One a top level domain is created, all Butterfly token holders will receive a percentage of tokens specific to that domain that they can use to create subdomains with. An auction will also be started so that non-token holders can also obtain tokens for the top level domain. Global Identification is also a major feature with Butterfly, as users acquire a Fully-Qualified Name \(FQN\), e.g. john.smith.id. Moreover, this FQN can be used as credential access to various social media accounts as well as to cryptocurrency wallets. The latter feature allows users to record wallet addresses in the domain, support different digital currencies, and allow transfers via easily-comprehensible FQNs instead of confusing wallet address symbol combinations.

